I said it amuses me in the programs of
discusses just because football was made
you hook with each other but the audience
I'm going to save you a goodbye does not like
that format and expressed it yes I think
that did not refer to personal level marc
against PAN and the day before yesterday when
we passed the report we said here that
we understood that they were returned to
asking the same thing was not going to answer
exactly why because I think that
they barely noticed him what he had
said he repented instantly and not
he knew how to apologize he does not know
make it publicly private that
He corresponded publicly or
private way that what ended
doing on the side speaks very well of good
to see he did not say fantino
in the soccer show that makes
reference to loose animals where
Independent
let's look at the strength of a lot
of soccer programs are many
that work not only the one that
drive before fantino now gustavo what
that on Sundays we are a lot
from journalists to the air a lot of
producers behind the scenes when
There is a program that is not good
we always handle your criteria
it's a failure and that's why I think I do not
gave and when the sky che another one that ends
to say a son and he ran
s
He said
and it was when he his own release to see
the good Gonzalo Bonadeo fell the
late transit tab how to say it and it
he regretted having hit him with a spout
in the middle of the front to his colleague
alejandro fantino
luckily the man reversed
with his statements and prevented the
blood will reach the king thousands
child or you get to see a drop of
blood to know what you can get to
take a minute
I want the heart's love you want to say
that I was respectful arrogant unfair
ungrateful with alejandro fantino achieved
about the body of a girl
raising the consumption someone has to
see laterality Protestantism someone
has to do better the fun and
is down from inside with the
rites and soccer to look for nuances the
respective appears better today until 7
who spend them for a living, someone has to
worth the program is old
I want to clarify that it is the only thing
I think publicly about subject
because I know there has been an expansion
very strong only one statements that I
I did and that makes both him and me
they are calling us all sides and more
there as far as I'm concerned, the wta
I want this topic to give you the
possible containment that can give you this
scope which is that of the program from which
is part
I'm ashamed to have done what I did
to have said what I said while
Apparently a pleasant building of people
excuse me but for soccer while
quite a nice building
people the triple but profile of someone
he has to see her but never talking
only among other things do I know
that there has never been on his part a
questioning neither personal nor
professional
among other things it is a good learning
which is to put more batteries for
be better myself and no longer worry so much
for the rest it's a pretty exercise
complicated and I do not want to give too many
explanations the apologies of the case are
also for the team of the udo of
trace sports with myself I'm angry
because -he said- I return to Argentina in
a bad feeling for having attacked
a person who always treated me well
How absurd, how ridiculous, but we are the
learnings and I would insist that of the
apologies are also for Alejandro
but in that case they will no longer be
public but through the internet personally
do this not to the media simply
to people to me not friend who was
looking around that subject in what
personal and I do not look for this what
I wanted to say and 1,000,000 again
apologies
it seems here bonadeo is so sorry
of criticizing Fantino that up
he bought a statue to be expeditious
to decorate your program
now